docs: Add ADR 009 for consistent watcher terminology (#3502)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/adr/009-consistent-runtime-watcher-terminology.md

- **The PKI uses the ADR 007 vocabulary.** The mechanism uses a self-signed CA certificate that doubles as the server certificate, and per-runtime client certificates signed by that CA. The terms root, leaf, and self-signed are not used for these certificates, because they either lose the server-and-client role distinction or contradict the actual function.

### Naming Scheme

The scheme renames every part that does not already follow the canonical terms. It applies to Kubernetes resources, secrets, command-line flags, Go identifiers, and documentation, so that one concept reads the same everywhere.

#### Kubernetes Resources and Secrets

All Kubernetes resources KLM manages on the KCP carry a `klm-` prefix. The KCP hosts other components beside KLM, so the prefix identifies KLM ownership and prevents name collisions in shared namespaces such as `istio-system`. The prefix is applied globally by the `namePrefix: klm-` directive in `config/control-plane/kustomization.yaml`; secrets that cert-manager creates outside kustomize's control carry it explicitly in their `secretName` field.

> ##### KCP-side resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### KCP-Side Resources
```
That's a very deep heading. Let's leave it, but in general, we should avoid even H4s ;)

| `klm-watcher-selfsigned` | Issuer      | `klm-runtime-watcher-client`         | It is the CA Issuer that signs client certificates. It is not self-signed.               |
| `klm-{KYMA_NAME}-webhook-tls` | Certificate | `klm-{KYMA_NAME}-runtime-watcher-client` | Requests a client certificate on KCP, one per runtime.                               |
| `klm-{KYMA_NAME}-webhook-tls` | Secret      | `klm-{KYMA_NAME}-runtime-watcher-client` | Stores a client certificate on KCP, one per runtime. Matches the Certificate name.   |
| `klm-watcher` | Gateway     | `klm-runtime-watcher`                | The Istio Gateway that terminates mTLS connections from runtimes. Defined in `config/watcher/gateway.yaml`; the `klm-` prefix is applied by kustomize. |
| `{WATCHER_CR_NAME}` | VirtualService | `{RUNTIME_WATCHER_CR_NAME}`    | One VirtualService per RuntimeWatcher CR; name follows the CR name. Renamed as part of the CRD rename. |
| `operator.kyma-project.io/watcher-gateway` | Label | `operator.kyma-project.io/runtime-watcher-gateway` | Label selector used to discover the Gateway. |

> ##### Runtime-side resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Runtime-Side Resources
```
As above.

| `--istio-gateway-cert-switch-before-expiration-time` | `--runtime-watcher-server-cert-switch-before-expiration-time` |
| `--istio-gateway-server-cert-switch-grace-period` | `--runtime-watcher-server-cert-switch-grace-period` |
| `--istio-gateway-server-cert-expiry-window` | `--runtime-watcher-server-cert-expiry-window` |
| `--istio-gateway-secret-requeue-success-interval` | `--runtime-watcher-server-cert-requeue-success-interval` |
| `--istio-gateway-secret-requeue-error-interval` | `--runtime-watcher-server-cert-requeue-error-interval` |
| `--watcher-requeue-success-interval` | `--runtime-watcher-requeue-success-interval` |
| `--skr-watcher-image-name` | `--runtime-watcher-image-name` |
| `--skr-watcher-image-tag` | `--runtime-watcher-image-tag` |
| `--skr-watcher-image-registry` | `--runtime-watcher-image-registry` |
| `--skr-webhook-memory-limits` | `--runtime-watcher-memory-limits` |
| `--skr-webhook-cpu-limits` | `--runtime-watcher-cpu-limits` |

The duration, renewal, and key size of the CA certificate are not configured by any flag. They are set on the CA Certificate resource in `config/[certmanager|gardener-certmanager]/certificate_watcher.yaml`.

#### Go Identifiers

> ##### Exported identifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Exported Identifiers
```

| The server certificate metrics constructor | `metrics.NewGatewaySecret` | `metrics.NewServerCertificate` |
| The server certificate flag fields | `IstioGatewayServerCert*` / `IstioGatewaySecret*` | `RuntimeWatcherServerCert*` |

The `SkrWebhookManifestManager` type installs and removes the Runtime Watcher resources on the runtime and orchestrates the client certificate lifecycle. It lives in package `watcher` and is a service in the sense of ADR 005, so it becomes `runtimewatcher/client.Service` after the package is renamed. The `Manager` suffix and the `Watcher` prefix are both dropped: ADR 005 sanctions the `Service` suffix and establishes context from the package name, so a `RuntimeWatcher` prefix would stutter. The `Reconciler` suffix is reserved for controller-runtime reconcilers, which this type is not.

The variable spellings for the `caAddedToBundleAt` annotation converge on one form. The annotation is `caAddedToBundleAt`. Code currently reads it through variables named `caBundleExtendedAt`, `caBundledAt`, and `getGatewaySecretCaBundleExtendedAtTime`. The target uses `caAddedToBundleAt` consistently.

> ##### Private identifiers (non-exhaustive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Private Identifiers (Non-Exhaustive)
```

| Current | Target | Location |
|---------|--------|----------|
| `createGatewaySecretFromRootSecret` | `createServerSecretFromCASecret` | `runtimewatcher/server` |
| `requiresCertSwitching` | `requiresServerCertSwitching` | `runtimewatcher/server` |
| `getCaBundledAt` | `getCaAddedToBundleAtTime` | `runtimewatcher/server` |
| `isRootSecret` | `isCASecret` | `runtimewatcher/server` |
| `kcpRootSecretName` / `getRootSecret` | `kcpCASecretName` / `getCASecret` | `runtimewatcher/server` |

#### Documentation

Documentation uses the canonical terms. Kubernetes resource names in component tables and reference material are updated to the target names. Existing documents are updated as they are touched.

### Migration

Go identifiers and documentation carry no external contract and are renamed directly. The following entities are operational contracts — live landscapes reference them — and require a staged migration:

- **`Watcher` CRD and existing CR instances** — renamed to `RuntimeWatcher`; existing instances must be migrated in place or replaced.

> - **cert-manager and GCM resources on KCP** — the CA Issuer, CA Certificate, CA Secret, server Secret, client Issuer, and per-runtime client Certificate and Secret (see KCP-side resources table).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cert-manager and GCM resources in KCP** — the CA Issuer, CA Certificate, CA Secret, server Secret, client Issuer, and per-runtime client Certificate and Secret (see KCP-side resources table).
```

- **Istio Gateway and label selector** — `klm-watcher` Gateway and the `operator.kyma-project.io/watcher-gateway` label.

> - **Runtime-side resources on the SKR** — Deployment, Services, PriorityClass, and NetworkPolicies (see runtime-side resources table).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Runtime-side resources in the Kyma runtime** — Deployment, Services, PriorityClass, and NetworkPolicies (see the runtime-side resources table).
```
